---
layout: page
name: about-us
type: post
title:  "About Us"
categories: about
---


<div style="background-color: #fff;">
	<div class="container-hero container-hero-1 clearfix" style="height: 760px;background: url('/images/Eaternity-Key-Visual-web.jpg') rgb(255, 255, 255);background-repeat: no-repeat;background-size: 1500px;background-position: top center;">
		<div class="container-hero-content container-hero-content-1 clearfix">
			<div class="container-4 clearfix" style="margin-bottom:-40px;margin-top:30px;width: 960px;height: 46px;border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);">
				<button class="text text-5" style="text-align:left;color:#000" onClick="window.location='/about';" >Appetite for Change</button>
				{% for menu in site.categories["about"] %}
				{% if menu.lang == page.lang %}
				<button class="_button" style="float:right;margin-left:20px;margin-top:8px;font-size:0.95em;color:#000" onClick="window.location='{{menu.url}}';">{{menu.title}}</button>
				{% endif %}{% endfor %}
			</div>
			<!-- <div style="line-height: 1.38;clear: both;width: 396px;margin: 150px 0 0 82px;border-radius: 3px;background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0);font-size: 1.2em;text-align: left;float: right; color: #000">Eaternity is the company behind creating the Eaternity Cloud, a comprehensive management solution for the gastronomy to give you smart insights into your supply-chain for decisions that benefit people, planet and profits.

				We went public in 2014 - our office is based in Zurich, Switzerland. Our story goes back to 2008.</div> -->
			

		</div>
	</div>	
</div>	


<div class="container">
	<div class="row" style="height:100px">
		<div class="col-md-1"></div>
		<div class="col-md-6">
			<div style="line-height: 1.38;clear: both;width: 396px;margin: 150px 0 0 0px;border-radius: 3px;background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0);font-size: 1.2em;text-align: left;float: right; color: #000">Eaternity is the company that develops the Eaternity Cloud, a comprehensive management solution for the restaurant industry that gives restaurant owners intelligent insights into the supply-chain and enables smart decision-making for the benefit of people, planet and profit. We went public in 2014 but our story goes back to 2008.  We are based in Zurich, Switzerland.</div>
			
		</div>
		<div class="col-md-4"></div>
	</div>
</div>


<div style="background: -webkit-linear-gradient(90deg, rgb(255, 255, 255) 0%, rgb(245, 245, 245) 100%) rgb(222, 222, 222);margin-top:100px;margin-bottom:160px">
	
	<div class="container">
		<div class="row" style="height:100px">
			<div class="col-md-2"></div>
			<div class="col-md-6">
				<h2>We have an Appetite for Change.</h2>
		
				We’re designers, programmers, tinkerers, writers, speakers, bikers, engineers, runners, developers, chefs, analysts, campers, musicians, hikers, photographers, readers, travelers, gardeners, volunteers and hard workers. With such a diverse group of people we bring a unique perspective to everything we do.

				<h2>We know what it takes to run a restaurant.</h2>
				We are experts in the food service industry. We go to great lengths to understand the daily needs and processes of cooks and restaurant managers. In the last 4 years we have worked closely with more than one hundred restaurants and collaborated with cooks and restaurant managers to design and integrate software that is specific to the needs of running a restaurant. 

				We have repeatedly earned the trust of many of different customers including some of the world’s largest and smallest companies. Check out our references. 

				<h2>We work accurately and think scientifically.</h2>
				When it comes to our planet, we look at the facts. The evidence exists to show that we will run out of resources in the longer term if we do not act swiftly and efficiently in the short term.
 
				We believe that a scientifically proven method is the best way to guide us through the haze of complexity, information overload, misleading advertisements and human ignorance that often accompanies topics related to the planet
				Together with our scientific partners we distill the  facts which matter the most when it comes to decisions about food and sustainability. With the aim of accelerating positive change and engaging more scientific collaborators we have established a free and open-source lca data platform to facilitate communal knowledge sharing (edb.eaternity.ch).
				<h2>We embrace technology.</h2>
				7.2 billion people inhabit the earth today.  That’s quite a lot. Even if we are just a handful of people at Eaternity we are eager to grasp the opportunity to be part of something truly meaningful. We embrace the tools and modern software technologies provided to us. 
				We don’t believe in a magical technological solution that can solve climate change in one sweep. But we do believe that we can develop technologies to address restaurant owners’ needs and to empower them to become part of the solution.

				<h2>We believe in the beauty of simplicity.</h2>
				We’re strong believers in the power of keeping things simple. We also think that smart technology should be beautiful technology. We design our technology with people in mind. The more simple and intuitive its application, the more successful and rewarding your work will be. 

				When it comes to future plans we’re  sticking with simplicity, clarity, ease-of-use and honesty. This goes too for our products, our publications, our company and our people.

				<h2>We do give a damn.</h2>
				Treating people with respect and care is fundamental to how we do business. We treat our customers as we want to be treated. We treat each other as family. And we treat ourselves to pleasant day at work and a good night’s rest. 
				Our goal has always been the same: do exceptional work, build the best product possible together, experiment, pay attention to details, treat people the way you want to be treated, tell the truth, support, have a positive impact on the world, trust, give back, be agile, stay curious, keep learning and have fun.

				<h2>Always at your service.</h2>
				If you have a question please drop us an email at email@eaternity.com and we’ll get back to you. 
				You can also follow us on Twitter @eaternity and Facebook facebook.com/eaternity.
				
				Thanks for visiting Eaternity. 
				
			</div>
			<div class="col-md-4"></div>
			
		</div>
	</div>
</div>


<div class="follow-up-footer follow-up-footer-9 clearfix">
	<div class="container-follow-up container-follow-up-4 clearfix">
		<div class="element-team element-team-1 clearfix">
			<p class="text text-154">Team</p>
			<p class="text text-161">Meet the people who keep the ship running.</p>
		</div>
		<div class="element-our-story element-our-story-4 clearfix">
			<p class="text text-176">Our Story</p>
			<p class="text text-190">How the idea of Eaternity came to life.</p>
		</div>
		<div class="element-partners element-partners-4 clearfix">
			<p class="text text-207">Partners</p>
			<p class="text text-218">What brought us this far.</p>
		</div>
	</div>
</div>
